Hi guys, in this video I want to test
the Windows 12 online version created by
Chinese. Okay, this is a web version of
uh
Windows 12 before he launched officially
by some uh it's not by Microsoft. It's
by Chinese developers. Okay,
let's close this. Okay, as you can see
this is desktop.
Okay, the theme and the UI design is
good.
Let's see how this is the the start menu
explorer calculator.
This same calculator as Windows 11. I
can see okay is my calculator.
Okay, there there is a little bit
difference. the UI or this is better
than that.
Okay, let's see the setting. This is my
uh setting. It looks the same, but we
have difference with the UI colorist,
Bluetooth,
network,
and pronunciation.
For the
colors,
we have a blue color.
You can just custom color as you want.
Okay, for the privacy security,
let's see. Let's go here
and let's
watch what's this widget of the windows.
Okay, let's let's add this uh
widget.
Let's drag it.
Okay, I can't drag this.
H this widget right here. Okay, this
calculator is mix widget.
Okay, what's this? This is the bike I
compile it for
the window.
>> Okay, let's see
anything and let's see it works or not
this reply in Chinese. I don't
comprehend Chinese.
Okay, what's this?
Okay, this Wi-Fi Bluetooth.
This is light mode and this is dark
mode.
Let's go to the file explorer.
Okay, it's the same as
the Windows
11, but the UI is better here is better
than my Windows
uh 11.
Okay, let's see the C drive. Okay,
Microsoft H
right here for the D drive.
Okay, let's run it.
And this program
in Chinese PowerPoint.
Okay, finally we have this uh let's
close this. We have this uh
feedback. Let's see.
about
okay
Microsoft H
it's not the same as the Windows 11
it's created by developer this version
okay this version is created using
Python let's see we have Python
editor. No, I don't have Python editor.
Okay, thank you guys. This the review of
the Windows 12 preview version created
by Chinese